Fair & lovely(FAL) is the number 1 face care brand in Sri Lanka and is used by over a million households. Through the years, Fair & Lovely has evolved in the ingredients it has used in order to deliver more benefits in the safest possible manner to its consumers. The brand today is made up of multiple nourishing vitamins that range from Vitamins B3, B6, C & E. These vitamins combined, really delivers more than just an enhancement or an improvement in your skin tone. It delivers a lot more - It delivers Glow! Which is bright, radiant, nourished and clear skin. Therefore, we decided to reflect the true benefit the brand delivers by changing its name from Fair & Lovely to Glow & Lovely(GAL) and from Fair & Lovely Men’s to Glow & Handsome!

As the market leader in the Face Care Category, it is our responsibility to introduce new products or improve current products to cater to the evolving needs of the consumer. Fair & Lovely today delivers more than just a tone improvement. Its delivers bright, radiant, nourished and clear skin. Therefore, it is important that we reflect the true benefit delivered through the product and change its name to Glow & Lovely

The brand Name change from FAL to GAL applicable to all Variants / SKUs under FAL portfolio?

No, while the name has changed from FAL to GAL but formulation remains the same.

Fair & Lovely has never had Bleach - Its 100 % bleach free and 100% safe on skin

There is no change in MRP and Trade Margins?

Glow & Lovely and Glow & Handsome, both of them are manufactured in Sri Lanka

Unilever will be supporting the transition with heavy investments to educate consumers that Fair and lovely has now changed to Glow and Lovely, and will be supported across all mediums(TV/ RADIO/ PRESS/ DIGITAL/POP/OUTDOOR).

Both ( Fair and Lovely is now Glow & Lovely) brand names will appear on pack for the foreseeable future 

No, this transition is not initiated due to the Black Lives Matter movement. In early Q4 of 2019 the brand had already made a significant and conscious move from codes of fairness to that of glow and radiance that reflected both on pack and in communication. Taking forward USL’s flagship skin care band’s journey towards a more inclusive vision of beauty, we will stop using the word ‘Fair’ in the brand name Fair & Lovely. 

PSLG: We recommend Pond’s Super Light Gel for oily skin as its lightweight formulation is non-sticky, non-greasy on skin

Pure Detox: With activated charcoal, Pure Detox deep cleanses oil, dirt and grime from your face for a pollution-free glow. Suggested to oily skin.

Ponds Bright Beauty: Pro-Vitamin B3 in Pond’s Bright Beauty serum cream is a effective skin brightening agent and gives a bright look to your skin.

PLM: Vitamin E and Glycerin in POND’S Light Moisturiser helps to moisturize your skin while giving you a non oily fresh glow.

PSLG: POND’S Super Light Gel is enriched with Hyaluronic Acid which hydrates skin with Vitamin E and give your skin a water fresh glow.

Bright Beauty: The anti-spot formula with Pro-Vitamin B3 in Pond’s Bright Beauty Serum Cream is clinically proven to fade stubborn dark spots from within.

Bright Beauty benefits are: The ingredients pro-Vitamin B3 is a potent skin brightening agent and proven to reduce stubborn dark spots from within to reveal beautiful and spot-less skin from outside.

PLM benefits are: Pond’s Light Moisturiser contains lightweight formula and does not leave skin sticky, and it is fast absorbent hence does not leave white cast on face. Also, it gives 24-hour moisture lock to ensure that your skin remains properly hydrated and nourished all the time.

PSLG benefits are: Pond’s Super Light Gel absorbs faster than regular creams, gives 24-hour hydration for a water-fresh glow, and helps to restore the moisture balance to keep your skin soft and smooth.

Pure Detox FW benefits are: Pond’s Pure Detox Face wash helps to remove all traces of pollution, dirt and impurities and give your skin a fresh, clean and glowing complexion. Due to its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.

Bright Beauty FW benefits are: This Pond’s Bright Beauty face wash helps to removes layers of dead skin cells, and it strengthens skin's natural renewal process, revealing new bright cells. It also renew your maximum brightness with everyday wash. Due to its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.

Pimple Clear FW benefits are: Pond’s Pimple clear face wash penetrates deep into your skin to lock pimple causing germs at the root and helps clear them away and helps to clear pimples in just 3 days. Due to the creamy, thick texture in this face wash gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin.

Ponds Light Moisturiser, Ponds Bright Beauty Serum Cream, Ponds Super Light Gel these 3 products can be used at any time in a day.

Ponds Light Moisturiser recommends– For dry skin

Ponds Bright Beauty Serum Cream recommends– For all skin types

Ponds Bright Beauty FW recommends– For all skin types, especially suited for dry skin

Ponds Pure Detox FW recommends– For oily skin

Ponds Pimple Clear FW recommends– For acne prone skin

Ponds Super Light Gel recommends– For oily skin

Allese Ponds related products can get at 1. Ustore, 2. Supermarket – Keels | Cargils | Arpico | Glowmark, 3. Fancy outlets and 4. Daraz

Price of POND'S Bright Beauty Serum Cream 23g Rs. 680
Price of POND'S Light Moisturiser 24.5G Rs. 375
Price of POND'S Bright Beauty FW 50G Rs. 670
Price of POND'S Pure Detox FW 50G Rs. 670
Price of POND'S PMPL CLR 50G Rs. 800
Price of POND'S Bright Beauty Facewash 100G Rs. 800
Price of POND'S Pure Detox x 100G Rs. 800
Price of POND'S Super Light Gel 25g Rs. 450
Price of POND'S Super Light Gel 50g Rs. 750

Product Description of Pond’s Super Light Gel: Looking for 24 hours of moisturization for your skin? Look no further! Introducing the all-new Pond’s Super Light Gel - your go-to moisturizer giving you 200% hydration for a water fresh glow!

POND’S Super Light Gel is Special:
• Infused with the goodness of Hyaluronic Acid, Vitamin E and Glycerine.
• Absorbs faster than regular creams 
• Gives 24-hour hydration for a water-fresh glow!
• Helps to restore the moisture balance to keep your skin soft and smooth.
• Lightweight formula absorbs into the skin instantly without leaving any sticky 
feeling, making it ideal for all seasons of weather in Sri Lanka.
• Its non-oily formula keeps oiliness and stickiness at bay, keeping your skin feeling 
fresh and glowing from AM to PM.
SKUs : 25ml | 50ml
MRP : 25ml = Rs. 450 | 50ml = Rs. 750

POND’S Super Light Gel is Special Key Ingredients are :
Hyaluronic Acid: Helps make the skin soft and supple by retaining moisture.
Vitamin E: Promotes skin healing and reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
Glycerine: Helps attract and retain moisture in the skin, making it look healthy and radiant throughout the day.

To Use POND’S Super Light Gel: Gently massage with circular movements, starting from the centre to the contours of your cleansed face. For best results use every morning and evening.


Product Description of POND’S Light Moisturiser : 
Get supple and soft skin with Pond's Light Moisturiser. This formulation is infused with Vitamin E and Glycerine to moisturize your skin for a non oily fresh glow.

POND’S Light Moisturiser is SPECIAL because of:
✓ Pond's Light Moisturiser is lightweight and does not leave skin sticky
✓ It is fast absorbent and does not leave white cast on face.
✓ It comes with 24-hour moisture lock to ensure that your skin remains properly hydrated and nourished all the time. 
✓ Suitable for dry skin type. 
SKUs : 25ml
MRP : 25ml = Rs. 375

Ingredients of POND’S Light Moisturiser are :Enriched with Vitamin E and Glycerine.

To use POND’S Light Moisturiser: Gently massage Pond's Light Moisturizer onto your face & neck in an upward circular motion twice daily.

Product Description of POND’S Bright Beauty Cream :
✓ In today’s harsh sun, even just 10 minutes outside can lead to stubborn dark spots. Presenting Pond’s Bright Beauty ; your spotless glow expert, brought to you by The Pond’s Institute. Why POND’S Bright Beauty Cream is SPECIAL?
✓ It’s anti-spot formula with Pro-Vitamin B3 is clinically proven to fade stubborn dark spots from within.
✓ Pro-Vitamin B3 is a potent skin brightening agent and proven to reduce stubborn dark spots from within to reveal beautiful and spot-less skin from outside.
✓ It brightens skin and dark spots.
SKUs : 23g 
MRP : 23g = Rs.680

To use POND’S Bright Beauty Cream : 
✓ Take a pearl sized amount of Pond’s Bright Beauty Serum cream onto your fingers. 
✓ Apply a few dots of cream on your dark spots first, followed by rest of forehead, nose, both sides of cheek, chin and either side of neck. 
✓ Massage evenly so that cream spreads equally and penetrates deep into your skin, especially dark spots.
✓ Do this every day to see your spot-less bright skin with a difference. For best results, use daily along with Pond’s Bright Beauty face wash.Ingredients :
✓ Infused with Pro Vitamin B3 and Glycerin

Description of Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash : Is your true brightness lost or hidden? Over time, dead skin cells accumulate on your skin, hiding your true brightness, making you look dull. Introducing new and improved Pond's Bright Beauty Spot-less Glow Face Wash. 
Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash is SPECIAL ?
✓ Infused with Vitamin B3+, it removes layers of dead skin cells, and it strengthens skin's natural renewal process, revealing new bright cells. 
✓ Renew your maximum brightness with everyday wash. 
✓ Clinically proven to give you brightness from the first wash. 
✓ Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.
SKUs : 50g | 100g
MRP : 50g = Rs. 670 | 100g = Rs. 800

Ingredients of Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash :Vitamin B3

To Use Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash: 
✓ Rinse your face. 
✓ Apply a small quantity of face wash to your face. 
✓ Gently rub with your fingers in circular motions to work up a lather. 
✓ Rinse with water and pat dry.

Description of Pond's Pure Detox Face Wash : Urban atmospheres are plagued with dust and pollutants that are quite harmful to your skin. 
Pond's Pure Detox Face Wash is SPECIAL: 
✓ To help remove all traces of pollution, dirt and impurities and give your skin a fresh, clean and glowing complexion, use the Ponds Pure Detox facewash.
✓ Works for all skin types. 
✓ It helps uncover your natural radiance by working on the outside removing dead skin cells and going deeper to clean out all other impurities in your skin. 
✓ The unique formula used in this face wash features activated charcoal that work from deep within your pores to the surface to give you clear skin that’s radiant with a natural glow. 
✓ Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin
SKUs : 50g | 100g
MRP : 50g = Rs. 670 | 100g = Rs. 800

Description of Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash:All of us have dealt with pimples and acne at some point of time in our lives. Environmental factors are only some of the causes of this problem, but hormones and genetics also play a part in triggering acne. Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash, it offers the best solution for pimples and acne thanks to its unique formula that includes active Thymo-T Essence.
POND’S Pimple Clear Face Wash is SPECIAL because:
• The formula works well with this face wash for oily and dry skin types.
• It penetrates deep into your skin’s epidermis to lock pimple causing germs at the root and helps clear them away. It helps clear pimples in just 3 days.
• Face wash with the world's first Lock + Clear Technology that is clinically proven to start showing results in just three days giving you clearer, healthier, smoother skin.
• Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin
SKUs : 50g
MRP : 50g = Rs.800

Ingredients are Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash: 
✓ Active Thymo-T EssenceTo Use Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash: 
✓ Wet your face
✓ Take some facewash , create lather, gently massage onto face and neck
✓ Rinse off with plain water.

Description of POND’S Age Miracle :
✓ Your skin begins to lose 1% collagen year after year after the age of 25. 
✓ External factors such as UV rays, pollution, blue light exposure, lack of sleep, and stress speed up your skin’s natural aging process, resulting in spots, and dull, and sagging skin. 
✓ The New Pond’s Age Miracle Range with 10% Retinol-Collagen B3 Complex has been created by experts to give youthful flowing skin in 7 days. 

POND’S Age Miracle - day cream is SPECIAL because of:
✓ This range has anti-aging ingredients like Retinol-C that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines & wrinkles. 
✓ Vit B3 + Prebiotic Complex brightens skin with 2x power & fades dark spots. 
✓ Collagen helps plump up the skin, and SPF 15 pa++ protects against UV rays and sun damage.

Ingredients POND’S Age Miracle : 
✓ Retinol-Collagen
✓ Vit B3 + Prebiotic Complex

To Use POND’S Age Miracle : 
✓ Take a small amount from the jar and gently dab all over cleansed face.
✓ Massage in circular motions till the cream is fully absorbed.
✓ Use every morning
✓ Pair it with the night cream for better results


Description of POND’S Age Miracle - night cream
✓ Pond’s Age Miracle Wrinkle Corrector Night Cream is an anti-aging cream here to help protect your skin against premature signs of aging and keep you looking and feeling your best.
POND’S Age Miracle - night cream is SPECIAL :
✓ It contains the highest concentration of Pond's most advanced technology, Retinol-C Complex.
✓ With added Vitamin B3 and Vitamin E3 acetate, this night cream also helps strengthen your skin’s natural barrier, protecting skin cells from foreign threats and helping it look its best. 
✓ Added glycerin boosts skin cell’s moisture from deep within to give you plumper, fuller looking skin. 

Ingredients of POND’S Age Miracle - night cream : 
✓ Retinol-C Complex.
✓ Vitamin B3 and Vitamin E3
✓ Collagen

To Use POND’S Age Miracle - night cream :
✓ Take a small amount from the jar and gently dab all over the face.
✓ Massage in circular motions till the cream is fully absorbed.
✓ Apply everyday before sleeping in the night to wake up to refreshed and repaired skin.
✓ For best results couple it with the day cream

Lifebuoy Covid-19 Coronavirus test results
Reactive media Q&A
May 2nd, 2020
For any questions not covered in this Q&A please contact Chloe Campen (BPC Communications Director) or Pam Runnacles (BPC communications Manager) 
Note: Please be aware we are talking about the initial test results on the virus, SARS-CoV-2, not the 
disease Covid-19

Yes. Internationally accredited Mircobac Laboratories (based in USA) has tested a Lifebuoy liquid handwash and an alcohol-based hand sanitizer gel (with 65% alcohol), sold in Asia, Africa and the Middle East for efficacy on SARS-CoV-2 virus.

We can confirm that one of our Lifebuoy liquid had wash variants and an alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel sold incertain markets in Asia, Africa and the Middle East are over 99.9% effectiveagainst SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for COVID-19. Testing is being conducted by Microbac Laboratories in line with international test standards.

The ‘99.9% effective against Covid19 Coronavirus’ reference means that the Lifebuoy products tested on the SARS-CoV-2 virus, are effective in inactivating at least 999 out of 1000 viruses in any given test. This level of inactivation is recognised by regulations around the world. 

The ‘99.9% effective against Covid19 Coronavirus’ reference means that the Lifebuoy products tested on the SARS-CoV-2 virus and are effective in inactivating at least 999 out of 1000 viruses in any given test. This level of inactivation is recognised by regulations around the world. Protection from the infection is dependent on multiple factors including good hand hygiene, social distancing and avoiding people who might be ill, as recommended by public health authorities. 

For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to comment on how much the Lifebuoy Covid-19 Coronavirus test results cost. 

We hope that by sharing our initial Lifebuoy Covid-19 Coronavirus test results results we give people further reassurance in the lifebuoy products testedand encourage even greater adoption of hand washing and good hygiene habits. 

The Lifebuoy products have been tested against SARS-CoV-2, which is the virus responsible for Covid-19.

We(The Lifebuoy's team) is working with Microbac Laboratories, an internationally accredited laboratory, which has access to the virus. 

We are unable to share details of where the SARS-CoV-2 virus was sourced, this is managed by Microbac Laboratories. 

Lifebuoy does not have access to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, virus responsible for Covid-19. We are working with Microbac Laboratories, an internationally accredited laboratory, which does have access to the virus. 

To ensure results are accurate the lifebuoy testing process can take a few weeks to complete. All tests are done in line with global standards. 

The Lifebuoy test has been done in line with global protocols and standards. 
If needed: ASTM International standard test method designated E1052-11 “Standard Test Method to Assess the Activity of Microbicides against Viruses in Suspension” was used to test the products.
https://www.astm.org/DATABASE.CART/HISTORICAL/E1052-11.htm

For internal reference: Avoid getting drawn into a conversation on the exact products tested in each market. There is a risk given not all product formulations were tested in every market. 
- Lifebuoy Handwash - sold in India, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka
- Lifebuoy Hand Sanitizer – sold in India, Indonesia, China, Singapore, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait.

Our global announcement is intended to cover all regions where our Lifebuoy liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser are sold. This includes Asia, Africa and the Middle East. We are also sharing the initial results of our first two products and we are testing other products in our range. 
If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share the other products being tested. 

The two products(Lifebuoy Handwash, Lifebuoy Hand Sanitizer) tested are our most popular with consumers. We prioritised these products as consumers expressed an interest in understanding whether they are effective against the Covid-19 Coronavirus. The test results confirm that they are over 99.9% effective against the virus, which means these products can effectively inactivate the virus. If pushed: We are expecting the initial results for our Lifebuoy bar soap soon.

In line with guidance from public health authorities, regular and thorough hand washing with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitisers can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading the Covid-19 Coronavirus. We support this guidance and have been encouraging the use of any soap to help reduce the spread of infections through our public health campaign.  The testing we have done confirms this guidance and provides the scientific evidence that our liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel are effective against Covid-19 Coronavirus.

We are sharing the initial results of our first two products and we are testing other products in our range.  If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share details of our other products being tested.

Lifebuoy is one of the world’s best one selling soap brands. Our products are routinely tested on a range of bacterial and viral strains.  
All testing is done in line with internationally recognised standards and protocols and by accredited third party laboratories.  
If needed:  Lifebuoy products have been proven on pandemic strains before, including MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. 
For reference: 
Testing protocols used to generate these results include:   
-ASTM E1052-11: Standard Test Method for Efficacy of Antimicrobial Agents Against Viruses in Suspension. 
-ASTM E2783-11: Standard Test Method for Assessment of Antimicrobial Activity for Water Miscible Compounds Using a Time-Kill Procedure.
Note: Respond only if pushed and answer needs to reflect the wording below. Please revert to Unilever R&D for clarity (Shilpa Vora).

Human coronaviruses including SARS-CoV-2 belong to the family of enveloped viruses. The “envelop” is like a jacket made up of lipids and proteins and protects the virus from the environment and helps it to enter human cells such as lung cells. Soaps, liquid hand washes, alcohol-based hand sanitisers can effectively disrupt the protective layer and inactivate the virus.Based on the data from the initial results for the two Lifebuoy products tested, and consistent structure of coronaviruses, we anticipate similar results for other Lifebuoy products. Our products have also been proven to be effective against other pandemic strains, including MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV.       

Our 65% alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel offers the lowest level of concentration in our range. Public health authorities, (US CDC), have advised using hand sanitisers which contain over 60% alcohol as part of good hand hygiene practices. Our position has not changed. We conducted the testing to provide the further scientific evidence that our tested liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel are effective against the Covid-19 Coronavirus.  

We continue to support and promote the advice from public health authorities on regular hand washing with soap and water and encourage the use of any soap to help fight the spread of the virus. 

Lifebuoy comes in a unique range of formats and variants that allows you to select the ones that are best suited to you and your family. Lifebuoy has over 125 years of research and heritage in personal health and hygiene. Lifebuoy started with William Lever's goal to stop cholera in Victorian England in the 1800’s. Over the past century, we have evolved into one of the world's leading hygiene soap brands and we are sold in over 60 countries now. In fact, since 2010, we have reached 1 billion people through our global handwashing programs and TV advertising in order to improve people’s health and hygiene. As prescribed by the WHO, CDC and other health authorities, washing hands with soap and use alcohol-based sanitizers are effective ways to prevent the spread of the SARS-CoV-2. 

Our position has not changed. We continue to support and promote the advice from public health authorities on regular hand washing with soap and water and encourage the use of any soap to help fight the spread of the virus.  

We conducted the testing to provide the scientific evidence that the liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel tested are effective against the Covid-19 Coronavirus.  If needed: These two products were tested first, given the high level of interest from consumers. We are testing other products in our portfolio.

We know our consumers are looking for products which can help reduce the spread of Covid-19 Coronavirus. We carried out testing to reassure people on the effectiveness of our products against the virus, and more importantly, to highlight the importance of good hand hygiene practices. Since the start of the global pandemic, Lifebuoy has been promoting good hand hygiene, in line with guidance from public health authorities, and the use of any soap to help reduce the spread of infection.  

Proof points:
-All of our hand hygiene products within our beauty and personal care range are important in helping to reduce the spread of the virus. As recommended by public health authorities, regular 
and thorough hand washing with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitisers can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading Covid-19.  This guidance is also something we 
have been promoting in all our brand communications.  
-The public health guidance is based on the technology of these products and how they work on the structure of the virus.  Coronaviruses are enveloped viruses which contain an outer protective layer made of fatty molecules. Soap and hand sanisiters can help to break apart this outer protective layer and inactivate the virus.  
-Lifebuoy’s initial test results provide the scientific evidence to show that the products tested can inactivate the Covid-19 Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2).  This provides people with further reassurance in the products and reinforces the importance of good hand hygiene.  

The focus of our announcement is on our personal hygiene products.  We are testing other products in our portfolio.  
If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share the other products being tested.  

Yes. The laboratory is accredited in line with internationally recognised standards.
If needed:  International Standard ISO/IEC 17025:2017 General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories. In addition, it has U.S. EPA FIFRA Good Laboratory Practice Standard (GLP), the U.S. FDA GLP Standard (21 CFR part 58), and Good Manufacturing Practice Standard (GMP), accreditation is granted to this laboratory to perform the viricidal testing.

https://www.microbac.com/virology 

We have been working with this laboratory for the last five years.

The testing was carried out by Microbac Laboratories which is based in the US.  
If needed: https://www.microbac.com/ 

Horlicks Original is a malt based food drink made of malted barley (extracted solids), milk solids and other ingredients.

No, Horlicks Original is not a malted milk.  Horlicks Originals a malt based food drink.

Malt based food drink is made of malt extract, added with skimmed milk, with or without vegetable or milk solids.

Malt extract is a sweet, sticky substance derived by processing malted barley in water.

Malted barley is made in a process called malting. Malting is germinating grains and drying of germinated grains.

Malted barley is the most common ingredient, while other grains such as wheat, rye and millet also can be used.  Malted barley is made in a process called malting (germinating and drying of germinated grains in controlled conditions).

It is manufactured in India.

Packaging into final containers takes place in India.

Specific aroma and fragrance of Horlicks Original comes from malted barley (extracted solids) and milk solids.

Horlicks Original contains protein from milk and malted barley, 23 vital nutrients needed for growing children.

Horlicks Original contains protein.  Protein is an important nutrient for growing children to help build their body tissues and maintain, to develop strong bones, hormones, enzymes.  Protein is an important constituent of hormones which are essential during the growth of children.
 
Malted barley helps generate the energy children need, to grow, and be active.
 
Horlicks contains 23 vital nutrients which are important for a child’s growth.
   
Horlicks Original has Calcium and vitamin D are equally important for maintaining healthy bones and healthy muscles in children.

Horlicks Original has Iron, folic acid, vitamin B2 (riboflavin) and vitamin B12 (cobalamin) are needed to maintain healthy blood in children Iron, selenium, Vitamin A and Vitamin B12 are important to maintain healthy immune function in children.
 
Iodine is required for healthy growth and development, and a component of important hormones  All other nutrients are important for healthy growth of children.

Horlicks Original is recommended for children of age 6 – 16 years.

Horlicks Original is a nutritional malted food beverage.  Therefore it can be consumed by adults as well.  However, it would be ideal to consult your healthcare professional if the product can be consumed by an adult.

Horlicks Original has energy yielding nutrients (fat, carbohydrate and protein) which release energy in normal energy metabolism.  However, since there is a regulatory requirement to claim energy, Standard Horlicks does not claim energy on packaging or communications.

No, standard Horlicks cannot claim delivery of energy in two serves per day (as per current regulations).

Horlicks Original is not added with table sugar (sucrose).  It contains 80% carbohydrates due to conversion of starch into different types of sugars during malting process.
 
In the production of malted food drinks, there is a process called malting.  During the malting process (barley or other grains used) starch in the grains is hydrolysedhydrolyzed (broken down) into various types of sugars (glucose, maltose, maltotriosemalt triose etc etc.).  these sugars are sweet in taste, therefore malted food drinks carry a sweet taste.

No, Horlicks Original does not contain any sweeteners.

Parents and caregivers are advised to consult their healthcare professionals before giving Horlicks Original to children with diabetes.
 
Yes, Chocolate Horlicks Original is available, which might be distributed in future.

Yes it is the same Horlicks Original that was marketed by GSK earlier.

Horlicks Original contains milk solids as a part of product formulation.

Horlicks Original has these nutrients in adequate amounts (more than 1/3 of recommended dietary allowance) in recommended serves per day.  The role of these nutrients in supporting these functions are documented in accepted nutritional research.
 
Yes, since its inception more than 100 years ago, Horlicks is considered a nutritious beverage suitable for family.

It is recommended that a child of mentioned age group (6 -16 years) take two servings/ glasses of Horlicks per day.

parents or care givers may consult the dietician or healthcare professional of the child before providing more than 2 serves of Horlicks Original per day.

Please refer to method of preparation on the pack.

No artificial flavour or colour are added to Horlicks Original.

All additives used in manufacturing Horlicks Original are permitted additives as per Sri Lanka food regulations.

Yes Horlicks Original is possible, please consult the method of preparation on the pack.

Children between 3 to 6 years and above 16 years can take Horlicks Original.  Please consult your healthcare professional before giving Horlicks Original to children less than 3 years.
 
Horlicks Original is a very hygroscopic powder (absorbs moisture easily).  It is advisable to transfer content to a dry, clean and air tight container to prevent powder from absorbing moisture and making lumps.

No, iron in Horlicks Original does not cause any blackening when made with tea infusion.

These numbers are the bar code.  It may be used by super markets to identify the product price.

Heaty is a concept recognized in indigenous medicine.  If you may have a concern that Horlicks Original could be heaty, please consult your healthcare professional to clear your doubts.

Horlicks Original is potassium hydrogen carbonate, added for the function of acidity regulator.  It helps regulate the pH level (acidity) of the end product.
   
We have not changed the characteristics of the Horlicks Original powder.  If you believe there could be a quality concern with the powder you have, please consult the consumer care team.
   
We have not changed the characteristics of the Horlicks Original malted food that was being marketed.  If you believe there could be a quality concern with the powder you have, please consult the consumer care team.
 
Horlicks Original is recommended to be taken every day, 2 times a day, as a part of the daily diet of children.
 
Recommended serve size is 27g, and two serves per day are recommended.

In their daily food habits, children tend to miss out nutritious food that is rich in micronutrients. Providing children 2 serves of Horlicks Original daily may help them obtain the micronutrients required for their growth.  Horlicks Original contains 23 vital nutrients important for growing children.

Horlicks Original is designed considering nutritional requirements of 6-16 years age group children.  Food of children 3 years or less needs to be decided in consultation with their healthcare professional.

Horlicks Original is a vegetarianvegetarian source of nutrition. There are no non-vegeterianvegetarian ingredients in Horlicks.

No, there are no side effects of consuming Horlicks Original as far as we know and understand.

Horlicks Original provides most of the vitamins and minerals a growing child requires. Please consult your child’s healthcare professional before giving him/ her any multivitamins while consuming Horlicks.
  
Yes, Horlicks is a family nourisher. It can be consumed by pregnant and lactating women. It is advisable to obtain the advice of healthcare professionals during pregnancy and lactation on food selection.

Horlicks Original contains a certain amount of milk solids, therefore may contain lactose.  Please consult the healthcare provider to know if Horlicks might be suitable for you. 
      
KNORR:

Knorr Seasoning Cube, Knorr Chicken Powder Mix, Knorr Maldives Fish Powder Mix, Knorr Chinese Sweet & Sour, Knorr Chinese Chili, Knorr Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes contain added MSG.
 
Knorr Biriyani Mix, Knorr Devilled Mix, Knorr Chicken Curry Mix & Knorr Nasi Goreng Mix do not contain added MSG, Knorr Biriyani Mix, Knorr Devilled Mix, Knorr Chicken Curry Mix, Knorr Nasi Goreng Mix do not contain added MSG.

Consumer expectations from using Knorr seasoning cube, Knorr Maldives fish powder, Knorr chicken seasoning powder, Knorr Chinese Sweet & Sour, Knorr Chinese Chili and Chinese Vegetable
Chopsuey mixes is to enhance the taste of the overall end dish. Hence based on this consumer need, we use flavor enhancers such as MSG as permitted by Food (flavoring substances and flavor enhancers) regulation.

Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is the sodium salt of glutamic acid, an abundant amino acid which is a building block of all proteins.

Glutamate occurs naturally in many foods such as cheese, milk, meat, fish and many vegetables such as tomatoes, mushrooms and carrots.
 
It is added directly to foods by consumers, especially by Asians and is also used by the food industry in various ready-to-serve foods, such as dry or canned soups and sauces as well as
frozen foods made out of meat and fish.
  
MSG makes good flavors taste better, but cannot improve bad-tasting food, or substitute for the use of low-quality ingredients.
 
The safe use of MSG in foods is confirmed and authorized by scientific bodies and regulatory authorities around the world, such as the; Food (Flavoring Substances & Flavor Enhancers) Regulation 2013 under the Food act of Sri Lanka.
  
US FDA (United States Food & Drug Administration).
 
JECFA (Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives).

MSG helps to offer great tasting, affordable food. It also enables the reduction of salt content in food to help people lower their salt intake.
  
Knorr products are not harmful and contain ingredients permitted by Food (flavoring substances and flavor enhancers) regulation. If you have a special medical condition, please follow your medical advisor’s guidance.
 
Thank you for your feedback. At Knorr we always strive to fulfill consumer needs and provide the best quality products for consumer use.
 
Artificial flavors and flavor enhancers are two different food additives.
 
Knorr Maldives fish powder mix is the only product that contains artificial flavor. Knorr seasoning cube, Knorr Maldives fish powder, chicken seasoning powder, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili and Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes contain flavor enhancers. All our products comply with Sri Lanka food laws.
 
Only Knorr Maldives fish powder mix contains artificial flavor. All our products comply with Sri Lanka food laws.

Knorr is not intended for infants and young children. Please consult your pediatrician with regard to your child’s food consumption.
  
(note – young children – below the age of 3).
 
Please store in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight. You may refer the product label for storage instructions.
 
Biriyani Mix, Devilled Mix, Chicken Curry Mix, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili, Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes do not contain any animal origin ingredients.

All our ingredients are mentioned on the pack, please refer the pack for necessary information prior to consumption.   


VIVA:

Viva is a malted food drink made of malt extract, milk solids and other ingredients.

No, Viva is not a malted milk.  Viva is a malted food drink.

Malted food drink is made of malt extract, added with skimmed milk, with or without vegetable or milk solids.

Malt extract is a sweet, sticky substance derived by processing malted barley in water.

Malted barley is made in a process called malting. Malting is germinating the grains and drying of germinated grains in controlled conditions.
 
Malted barley is the most common ingredient, while other grains such as wheat, millet and rye also can be used.
 
Malted barley is made in a process called malting (germinating and drying of germinated grains).

Viva is manufactured in India.

Packaging into final food containers (boxes and jars) also takes place in India.

Specific aroma and fragrance of Viva is provided by malted extract and milk solids.

Viva contains proteins from milk, malted barley, 7 essential vitamins, iron, calcium and phosphorus.

Proteins are useful to build and repair body tissues, develop enzymes, hormones and other required chemicals.
 
Protein is an essential building block of bones, muscles, skin, cartilage and blood Malted barley help generate the energy we need to stay alive, grow, be active.
  
Vitamin B1 helps release energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports digestive and nerve system.
 
Vitamin B2 helps release energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports maintain healthy vision, and skin health.

Vitamin B3 helps release of energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports skin health, nerve and digestive systems.
 
Vitamin B6 helps metabolism of amino acid and fatty acid, supports normal function & building of healthy blood cells, supports conversion of tryptophan to niacin.
 
Vitamin B12 helps folate metabolism, essential for normal formation and function of blood cells, helps maintain healthy nerve cells, helps breakdown some fatty and amino acids.
 
Folic acid is essential for new cell formation & function of blood cells, required to reduce the risk of neural tube defects of foetusfetus, and needed to synthesize amino acids, DNA and RNA.

Vitamin C acts as an Antioxidant, helps strengthen resistance to infections, helps in iron absorption from food, and supports collagen & thyroxin synthesis.
 
Iron synthesis Iron is needed to build healthy red blood cells, supports myelination and neurotransmitter synthesis, also is a part of myoglobin.
 
calciumCalcium is the key constituent of bones & teeth, helps in nerve function, muscle contraction &  needed& needed for blood clotting.
 
phosphorus is an important constituent of bones, and needed for energy metabolism.

Viva is recommended for healthy adults. 

If your school going child is above 3 years, then giving Viva to that child would be alright.  However it is highly advisable to consult the child’s healthcare provider or dietician before continuing Viva for him or her.
 
While the Viva product has been formulated considering the healthy adults’ nutrient requirements, several nutrients suitable and good for children have been included in Viva.  Therefore nothing in Viva is considered unsuitable for children.  It is for the best interest of your child that we recommend checking with a qualified healthcare provider before giving food to children.

Yes, Viva contains fat and carbohydrate that help provide energy in normal energy yielding metabolism.  Three serves per day (each serve 30 g) provide 342 kcal of energy. 

Yes Viva can claim delivery of energy as regulatory requirement to claim energy is 300 kcal per servings recommended per day.  Viva delivers 342 kcal in 3 serves per day.

Viva is not added with table sugar (sucrose).  However, Viva contains 78% carbohydrates due to hydrolysis of starch in grains used in malting process.
 
During the malting process of barley (or other used grains) starch in the grains is hydrolyzed (broken down) into various types of sugars (glucose, maltose, maltotriosemalt triose etcetc.).  theseThese sugars are sweet in taste, therefore the malted food drink carries a sweet taste.

No Viva does not contain any sweeteners.

Adults who may suffer from diabetes are advised to consult their healthcare professionals on consuming Viva or any other similar kind of food product.

No, only Viva original is available in Sri Lanka currently.

Yes, it is the same Viva that was marketed by GSK.

Viva contains milk solids as a part of product formulation.
 
Viva contains macronutrients (fat, carbohydrate and protein) that delivers energy in the normal energy yielding metabolism.  Viva delivers 342 kcal in 3 serves which is recommended serves per day.

Viva malted food drink available for consumers in 400 g, and 800 g packaging is the same as that of Viva sachet.  The energy claim is not made on sachet as only a single serve is available in sachet.

Viva is a nourishing beverage to be consumed as a part of regular daily diet. The recommended daily serve is 3 cups.

Three cups are recommended per day for a healthy adult as it provides sufficient energy, and nutrients mentioned in the product.  A healthy adult is expected to have a balanced diet.  It is advisable to consult your dietician or healthcare professional before consuming more than 3 serves of Viva per day.

Please refer to method of preparation on the pack. 

No artificial colors or flavors are used to manufacture Viva.
 
All additives used in manufacturing Viva are permitted additives as per Sri Lanka food regulations.
 
Yes it is possible, please consult the method of preparation on the pack.
 
Viva has been formulated considering healthy adults nutrient requirements. However, there is nothing that is unsuitable in Viva for children.
 
You may please consult your healthcare professional before giving Viva to children of mentioned ages.
 
Foods  for infants and young children should always be given according to their medical practitioners advise. Please consult your medical practitioner before giving any new food to them.
 
Viva malted food drink powder is very hygroscopic (absorbs moisture readily).  It is highly advisable to transfer contents to a dry, clean and air tight container to prevent powder from absorbing moisture and making lumps.

No, iron in Viva does not cause any blackening in the Viva tea.

These numbers are referred to as the bar code. This is used by supermarkets to identify the product price.
 
Heaty is a concept recognized in indigenous medicine.  Different people may react differently to food products.  If you may have a concern of Viva being heaty, you may consult your healthcare professional to clear your doubts.

These are added to act as acidity regulators, to regulate the pH level of end product.

Corn syrup adds body (volume) to the product and in addition enhances the taste.

Iron is added as ferric pyrophosphate.  It is one of the accepted sources of adding iron to food products.
 
Scientifically it is accepted that caffeincaffeine present in tea affects absorption of iron in food.
  
However, the entire content of iron is not deprived from absorption due to making Viva in tea.  Studies indicate that about 50% iron may not be absorbed due to presence of caffeincaffeine in food.

Yes, there is a regulation (Food standards regulation 1989) which stipulates requirements for moisture (max 3.5%) and fat content (not less than 4%).
   
A standard on malted food also available it is not a mandatory standard.

Viva contains certain amount of milk solids.  Milk solids may contain lactose.  Lactose intolerant persons cannot take milk or milk components.  Therefore please consult a dietician or healthcare professional before giving Viva to a lactose intolerant person.

The mentioned colourcolor coding regulation is currently applicable only to solid and semi-solid food products.  malted food drinks such as Viva is exempted from this regulation as malted food drinks are food that need reconstitution or preparation before consumption.
 
Viva is recommended to be taken as three serves per day.  It should be taken as a part of a balanced daily diet and exercise plan. If you wish to consume more than 3 serves per day please consult your fitness instructor and/ or healthcare professional.

One cup of Viva (when prepared according to MOP on pack: 30 g powder per glass) delivers 114 kcal energy.   




 
	
	






















































































